README.md, before:

<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mAZf4H4Pi0wwlj3ZAw/giphy.gif" alt="animated gif of open laptop computer with pulsing cloud and lightbulbs in bright rainbow colors" width="200" />
  <div id="badges">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaella-rodriguez" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://michaella23.github.io/My-Portfolio/" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/My Portfolio-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Badge"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.twitter.com/NotMichaella" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
    </a>
  </div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=michaella23&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>
  <h1> Hi there 👋 </h1>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/26tPgbUUcfS5IWiTm/giphy.gif" alt="psychedelic gif of computers in a field of flowers and wildlife" width="750" />
</div>

---

## :woman_technologist: About Me
I'm a web developer who enjoys building applications using frontend languages and frameworks, with a focus on accessibility and clean design. While my happy place is creating interfaces that users will interact with, I like to learn about what happens behind the scenes.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on building a RESTful API.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Java, Spring Boot and SQL.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on open source projects for Hacktoberfest, using my frontend knowledge.
- 🤔 Things I need to look into... how to create React apps using Vite and more about Markdown.
- 💬 Ask me about the Scrimba course I recently created!
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/michaella-rodriguez), [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/NotMichaella)
- 😄 Pronouns: she/her/hers
- ⚡ Fun fact: I have never visited another continent! I need to!

## :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg" title="Java" alt="Java" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" title="Markdown" alt="Markdown" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="Figma" alt="Figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="VS Code" alt="VS Code" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/spring/spring-original-wordmark.svg" title="Spring" alt="Spring" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL"  alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PostgreSQL" alt="PostgreSQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
</div>
---

## :fire: My Stats:

[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=michaella23&theme=github-dark)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=michaella23&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
---

## :writing_hand: Blog posts:
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

Small edit
"Looking to" collaborate on open-source projects in general, now Hacktoberfest is over.

README.md, after:

<div id="header" align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/mAZf4H4Pi0wwlj3ZAw/giphy.gif" alt="animated gif of open laptop computer with pulsing cloud and lightbulbs in bright rainbow colors" width="200" />
  <div id="badges">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaella-rodriguez" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://michaella23.github.io/My-Portfolio/" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/My Portfolio-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio Badge"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.twitter.com/NotMichaella" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
    </a>
  </div>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=michaella23&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/>
  <h1> Hi there 👋 </h1>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/26tPgbUUcfS5IWiTm/giphy.gif" alt="psychedelic gif of computers in a field of flowers and wildlife" width="750" />
</div>

---

## :woman_technologist: About Me
I'm a web developer who enjoys building applications using frontend languages and frameworks, with a focus on accessibility and clean design. While my happy place is creating interfaces that users will interact with, I like to learn about what happens behind the scenes.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on building a RESTful API.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Java, Spring Boot and SQL.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on open source projects, using my frontend knowledge and focus on web accessibility issues..
- 🤔 Things I need to look into... how to create React apps using Vite and more about Markdown.
- 💬 Ask me about the Scrimba course I recently created!
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/michaella-rodriguez), [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/NotMichaella)
- 😄 Pronouns: she/her/hers
- ⚡ Fun fact: I have never visited another continent! I need to!

## :hammer_and_wrench: Languages and Tools

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" **alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
    <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg" title="Java" alt="Java" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" title="Markdown" alt="Markdown" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="Figma" alt="Figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="VS Code" alt="VS Code" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/spring/spring-original-wordmark.svg" title="Spring" alt="Spring" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL"  alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PostgreSQL" alt="PostgreSQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
</div>
---

## :fire: My Stats:

[![GitHub Streak](http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=michaella23&theme=github-dark)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=michaella23&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
---

## :writing_hand: Blog posts:
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->
